feat: implement pausing for dollar and portal (#15)
noble-assets/dollar: spec/03_queries_portal.md

- `owner` — The address of the current Noble Dollar Portal owner.

## Paused

**Endpoint**: `/noble/dollar/portal/v1/paused`

> Retrieves the current Pause state of the Noble Dollar Portal module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieves the current paused state of the Noble Dollar Portal.
```

```json
{
  "paused": "true"
}
```

### Response

> - `paused` — The Pause state Noble Dollar Portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `paused` — The paused state of the Noble Dollar Portal.
```
